Update install manual for cmake flags (#22)
pyscf/pyscf.github.io: source/install.rst

  ``pyscf/lib`` and ``pyscf/lib/deps/lib`` in ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH``.

CMake options and compiling flags
---------------------------------
A full build of PySCF may take a long time to finish.
`XCFun` may fail to build a proper C++ compiler is not available, such as on certain old operating systems.
The CMake options listed below can be used to speed up compilation or omit extensions that fail to compile.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note:  If both `-DENABLE_LIBXC=OFF` and `-DENABLE_XCFUN=OFF` are set, importing the dft module will lead to an `ImportError`.

```

================= ======= ==============================================================
Flags             Default Comments
================= ======= ==============================================================
`ENABLE_LIBXC`    ON      Whether to use `LibXC` library in PySCF. If `-DENABLE_LIBXC=OFF`
                          is appended to cmake command, `LibXC` will not be compiled.
`ENABLE_XCFUN`    ON      Whether to use `XCFun` library in PySCF. If `-DENABLE_XCFUN=OFF`
                          is appended to cmake command, `XCFun` will not be compiled.
`BUILD_LIBXC`     ON      Set it to `OFF` to skip compiling `Libxc`. The dft module
                          still calls `LibXC` library by default. The dft module will be
                          linked against the `LibXC` library from an earlier build.
`BUILD_XCFUN`     ON      Set it to `OFF` to skip compiling `XCFun`. The dft module
                          will be linked against the `XCFun` library from an earlier build.
`BUILD_LIBCINT`   ON      Set it to `OFF` to skip compiling `libcint`. The integral

>                           library from early build will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                          library from an earlier build will be used.
```

> `WITH_F12`        ON      Whether or not to compile the F12 relevant integrals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`WITH_F12`        ON      Whether to compile the F12 integrals.
```

  ``pyscf/lib`` and ``pyscf/lib/deps/lib`` in ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH``.

CMake options and compiling flags
---------------------------------
A full build of PySCF may take a long time to finish.
`XCFun` may fail to build a proper C++ compiler is not available, such as on certain old operating systems.
The CMake options listed below can be used to speed up compilation or omit extensions that fail to compile.

================= ======= ==============================================================
Flags             Default Comments
================= ======= ==============================================================
`ENABLE_LIBXC`    ON      Whether to use `LibXC` library in PySCF. If `-DENABLE_LIBXC=OFF`
                          is appended to cmake command, `LibXC` will not be compiled.

> `ENABLE_XCFUN`    ON      Whether to use `XCFun` library in PySCF. If both
>                           `-DENABLE_LIBXC=OFF` and `-DENABLE_XCFUN=OFF` are set,
>                           importing dft module will lead to `ImportError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ENABLE_XCFUN`    ON      Whether to use `XCFun` library in PySCF. If `-DENABLE_XCFUN=OFF`
                          is appended to cmake command, `XCFun` will not be compiled.
```

`BUILD_LIBXC`     ON      Set it to `OFF` to skip compiling `Libxc`. The dft module
                          still calls `LibXC` library by default. The dft module will be

>                           linked against the `LibXC` library from early build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                          linked against the `LibXC` library from an earlier build.
```

`BUILD_XCFUN`     ON      Set it to `OFF` to skip compiling `XCFun`. The dft module

>                           will be linked against the `XCFun` library from early build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                          will be linked against the `XCFun` library from an earlier build.
```

  ``pyscf/lib`` and ``pyscf/lib/deps/lib`` in ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH``.

CMake options and compiling flags
---------------------------------

> A complete build by default may take long time to finish compilation. In certain
> old operation systems, the build may fail to build `XCFun` if the system does
> not have a proper c++ compiler. To speed up compilation or bypass failed
> compilation, CMake options listed below can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full build of PySCF may take a long time to finish.
`XCFun` may fail to build a proper C++ compiler is not available, such as on certain old operating systems.
The CMake options listed below can be used to speed up compilation or omit extensions that fail to compile.
```

================= ==============================================================
Flags             Comments
================= ==============================================================

> `ENABLE_LIBXC`    Whehter to use `LibXC` library in PySCF. If `-DENABLE_XCFUN-OFF`

Reviewer 2: Only had a very brief look at this. Noticed "Whehter" -> "Whether" :)

> `ENABLE_LIBXC`    ON      Whether to use `LibXC` library in PySCF. If `-DENABLE_XCFUN=OFF`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ENABLE_LIBXC`    ON      Whether to use `LibXC` library in PySCF. If `-DENABLE_LIBXC=OFF`
```

`BUILD_XCFUN`     Set it to `OFF` to skip compiling `XCFun`. The dft module
                  will be linked against the `XCFun` library from early build.
`BUILD_LIBCINT`   Set it to `OFF` to skip compiling `libcint`. The integral
                  library from early build will be used.
`WITH_F12`        Whether or not to compile the F12 relevant integrals.
`DISABLE_DFT`     Set this flag to skip the entire dft module. Neither `LibXC`
                  nor `XCFun` will be compiled.
----------------- --------------------------------------------------------------

CMake config file
-----------------

CMake options can be saved in a configuration file
``pyscf/lib/cmake.arch.inc``.  The settings in this file will be
automatically loaded and overwrite the default CMake options during
compilation.  For example, you can set ``CMAKE_C_FLAGS`` in this file
to include advanced compiler optimization flags::

  set(CMAKE_C_FLAGS "${CMAKE_C_FLAGS} -ffast-math -mtune=native -march=native")

Other settings, variables, and flags can also be set in this file::

  set(ENABLE_XCFUN Off)
  set(WITH_F12 Off)

Some examples of platform-specific configurations can be found in

> directory ``pyscf/lib/cmake_arch_config``.

Reviewer 2: I believe this has changed to ``pyscf/lib/cmake_user_inc_examples``

================= ==============================================================
Flags             Comments
================= ==============================================================

> `ENABLE_LIBXC`    Whether to use `LibXC` library in PySCF. If `-DENABLE_XCFUN=OFF`

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand the second sentence: how does XCFun enter into this?
